Dev -> Master for v3.5 release (#742)
nf-core/rnaseq: README.md

3. Download the pipeline and test it on a minimal dataset with a single command:

    ```console
    nextflow run nf-core/rnaseq -profile test,YOURPROFILE
    ```

    Note that some form of configuration will be needed so that Nextflow knows how to fetch the required software. This is usually done in the form of a config profile (`YOURPROFILE` in the example command above). You can chain multiple config profiles in a comma-separated string.

    > * The pipeline comes with config profiles called `docker`, `singularity`, `podman`, `shifter`, `charliecloud` and `conda` which instruct the pipeline to use the named tool for software management. For example, `-profile test,docker`.
    > * Please check [nf-core/configs](https://github.com/nf-core/configs#documentation) to see if a custom config file to run nf-core pipelines already exists for your Institute. If so, you can simply use `-profile <institute>` in your command. This will enable either `docker` or `singularity` and set the appropriate execution settings for your local compute environment.

>     > * If you are using `singularity` and are persistently observing issues downloading Singularity images directly due to timeout or network issues, then you can use the `--singularity_pull_docker_container` parameter to pull and convert the Docker image instead. Alternatively, you can use the [`nf-core download`](https://nf-co.re/tools/#downloading-pipelines-for-offline-use) command to download images first, before running the pipeline. Setting the [`NXF_SINGULARITY_CACHEDIR` or `singularity.cacheDir`](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/singularity.html?#singularity-docker-hub) Nextflow options enables you to store and re-use the images from a central location for future pipeline runs.

Reviewer: This is no longer true right?
`--singularity_pull_docker_container` doesn't exist any more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * If you are using `singularity` and are persistently observing issues downloading Singularity images directly due to timeout or network issues, then you can add `process.ext.singularity_pull_docker_container = true` to a custom config to pull and convert the Docker image instead. Alternatively, you can use the [`nf-core download`](https://nf-co.re/tools/#downloading-pipelines-for-offline-use) command to download images first, before running the pipeline. Setting the [`NXF_SINGULARITY_CACHEDIR` or `singularity.cacheDir`](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/singularity.html?#singularity-docker-hub) Nextflow options enables you to store and re-use the images from a central location for future pipeline runs.
```

Author: Fixed https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/pull/741/commits/4154de7b0c214e22d5cd832f28845eb756796fb3. I think we should leave it as a "hidden" option and encourange the usage of `nf-core download` instead.

Author: Need to fix this in the pipeline template too
